STREAMS-1849 Provide at-least-once Quality of Service (QoS) level (#76)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/subscribers/_index.md

If no subscribers is defined, the [SSE subscriber](../subscribers/subscriber-sse) will be added by default.

## Quality Of Service (QoS)

> Streams has a strong requirement in term of quality but also in term of the performance. To get the best of those two aspects, Streams garanties **at least once** delivery, such as clients are certain to receive all events with good performances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streams has strong requirements in terms of both quality of service and performance. To provide the best trade-off between these two conflicting aspects, Streams supports **at-least-once** delivery semantic.
```

> We ensure this quality of service by keeping the last event id delivered for each subscription, in order to resume from it in case of failure (e.g., network failure, component failure). The mechanism is internally managed by Streams for persistent subscribers such as Webhook or Kafka subscribers but depends on a client side mechanism for SSE. Refer to [Last-Event-Id](../subscribers/subscriber-sse#last-event-id) section for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We ensure this quality of service by keeping the last event id delivered for each subscription, in order to resume from it in case of failure (e.g., network failure, component failure). The mechanism is internally managed by Streams for persistent subscribers, such as Webhook or Kafka subscribers, but depends on a client side mechanism for SSE. Refer to [Last-Event-Id](../subscribers/subscriber-sse#last-event-id) section for details.
```

> We ensure this quality of services by keeping for each subscriptions the last event id delivered, in order to resume from it in case of reconnection. The mechanism is internaly managed by Streams for persistent subscribers such as Webhook or Kafka subsribers but depends on a client side mechanism for SSE. Refer to [Last-Event-Id](../subscribers/subscriber-sse#last-event-id) section for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ensure this quality of service by keeping the last event id delivered for each subscription, in order to resume from it in the event of failure (e.g., network failure, component failure). The mechanism is managed internally by Streams for persistent subscribers such as Webhook or Kafka subscribers but depends on a client side mechanism for SSE. Refer to [Last-Event-Id](../subscribers/subscriber-sse#last-event-id) section for details.
```
